c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\ejercicio.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\ejercicio.pdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\ejercicio.ejercicio.apk
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\ejercicio.ejercicio-Signed.apk
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\ejercicio.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\ejercicio.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\ejercicio.pdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\bin\ejercicio.ejercicio.apk
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\ejercicio.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\ejercicio.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.IO.Compression.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\ejercicio.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\archivos\archivos\universidad politecnica metropolitana de puebla\9 cuatrimestre\aplicaciones moviles\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\ejercicio.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\archivos\archivos\universidad politecnica metropolitana de puebla\9 cuatrimestre\aplicaciones moviles\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\ejercicio.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\archivos\archivos\universidad politecnica metropolitana de puebla\9 cuatrimestre\aplicaciones moviles\ejercicio\ejercicio\obj\Debug\ejercicio.pdb
